Add info about running a local server through an extension (#23903)
mdn/content: files/en-us/learn/common_questions/set_up_a_local_testing_server/index.md

- **They include other files**. Browsers commonly treat requests to load resources using the `file://` schema as cross-origin requests.
  So if you load a local file that includes other local files, this may trigger a {{Glossary("CORS")}} error.

## Using an extension in your code editor to run a local HTTP server

> If you only need HTML, CSS and JavaScript, and no server-side language, the easiest way may be to check for extensions in your code editor. In addition to automate the installation and set-up for your local HTTP server, they also integrate nicely with your code editors. Testing local files in an HTTP server may be one click away.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you only need HTML, CSS and JavaScript, and no server-side language, the easiest way may be to check for extensions in your code editor. As well as automating installation and set-up for your local HTTP server, they also integrate nicely with your code editors. Testing local files in an HTTP server may be one click away.
```

## Running a simple local HTTP server

To get around the problem of async requests, we need to test such examples by running them through a local web server.

> ### Using an extension in your code editor to run a local HTTP server

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Using an extension in your code editor
```

(or this just echoes the previous H2)
